With this baby
I see who dares to push Lai Lai
Hehe, the national treasure conference in two days
My baby will definitely surprise four people.
Mingzhen nationwide
What the hell is this?
This thing is not an antique at all
Just an ordinary dung bucket
What hahaha
I told you
If this dung bucket can become a baby
Then the whole world is an antique
Impossible, this is a living treasure
Master, please take a closer look.
Don't look at it.
I know what you mean.
This barrel is indeed old
But it will never be more than 100 years old
And, all year round, soaked in fecal water
It's rotten lotus root in here
It's worthless.
Lao Wang, you didn't spend money to buy this thing, did you?
Why didn't you spend it?
What kind of shit do you dare to lie to me?
You don't believe me, do you?
I'll prove it to you.
This
I said it, it's a counterfeit, you dare to speak
I was stupid
You lied to me and took me for a fool.
Bridge, I'm so disappointed in you.
Uh oh
Hey, hey, hey.
Your Majesty, you can't eat it if it's dumb.
You gotta make this kid pay
Haha, that's right.
You are the one who cost me 500,000
Pay me pay me
I have no money
If you have no money, take the night pearl to pay off the debt
Don't you like this dung bucket?
Take it home
Eat every day
Let your head be full of food
I really don't know the goods.
The baby here is worth the old nose money
Take the night pearl for exchange.
I made a lot of money.
Change it if you want.